Removes deprecated XRP__ code (#557)
xpring-eng/Xpring-JS: README.md

wallet.verify(message, signature) // true
```

### XrpClient

> `XrpClient` is a gateway into the XRP Ledger. `XrpClient` is initialized with a single parameter, which is the URL of the remote adapter (see: ‘Server Side Component’ section above).

Reviewer: While you're here: 

```suggestion
`XrpClient` is a gateway into the XRP Ledger. `XrpClient` is initialized with a URL for a remote rippled node and an enum indicating the network the remote node runs on (see: ‘Server Side Component’ section above).
```
